Version 0.9.1
    Initial release

Version 0.9.2
    Fixed Points log scrolling. Newest entry shows correctly.
    Updated some text in the Points log.
    Now see 3 digits of detail instead of 2 in the Points log.
    Fixed Sharing Detals option.

Version 0.9.3
    Professions - No longer do you lose points when untraining a profession and re-learning it.

Version 0.9.4
    Deleting a character and creating a new one with the same name will reset points correctly.

Version 0.9.5
    Added website link to options (https://avenroothcs.wixsite.com/hardcore-score)
    Added a new messaging system.  Milestones and gaining levels now have a reward message show on the screen. Messaging can be turned on/off in options.
    Added Portraits.  You can get a new portrait to show on your Hardscore summary circle.  There are 7 different portraits you can unlock.
        Portraits are Grey, Green, Blue, Purple, Orange, Diamond Ruby, Gold Crown.  Have fun unlocking them all.

Version 0.9.6
    1. Updated Messaging/Notification system significantly.
        You should see more details in the points log.  Especially when leveling.
    2. Points gained for completing quests have been increased significantly.
        When logging into your character, questing points will be re-calculated to reflect these changes.  You should see a bigger score.  :slight_smile:
    3. Points gained for killing mobs has been increased for mobs Yellow and above.
        Unfortunately, points can't be re-calculated.  However, changes only significantly affect orange and red mobs. Slight change to Yellow and no change to Green.
    4.  Set the Message Frame Priority to "MEDIUM" to show on top of other HCS frames.
    5.  Addon now tracks how many points gained for each level and keeps a history of it.
    
Version 0.9.7
    1. Hide the close button on the Points Log.  Can open and close it from the options or clicking on them minimap icon.
    2. *Fixed a reported issue where Notification Message is one level behind when leveling.
    3. Added option to now show timestamps in the points log.
    4. Added option to change the points log font.
    5. Minor bug fixes and code updates.        
* This is still an issue in some cases.  We continue to investigate. It is just a display issue with Milestones. Points are calculated with the correct level.

Version 0.9.8
    1. Changes made to support the new 1.14.4 version.
    2. Mobs Killed () now shows total kills and not just Mob Types killed.
    3. New Character Summary where you can see all your HCS character's scores in one location. Must log in to each char to see.
    4. Minimap button now displays options. The mini-map tip shows the score when the main score UI is off.
    5. In the options you can now turn off the main score UI.
    6. Lots and lots of code changes and fixes.

Version 0.9.9
    1. Added 65 new Milestones to complete.
    2. Milestones are re-calcuated when logging in.
    2. Removed old lua files and other cleanup.

Version 0.9.10
    1. Overhauled the visuals for Milestones.
    2. Added support for WOTLK. Adjusted calculations to support level 80.
    3. Fixed leveling display when leveling via turning in a quest (I hope). 

Version 0.9.11
    1. Set Milestone message popup to display 5 seconds instead of 10 seconds.
    2. Fixed a bug when hovering over another player's portrait to see their scores.
    3. Milestone Kill Type was showing the wrong image.  Fixed.

Version 1.0.0
    1. Dangerous enemy kills (>=3) are tracked.
    2. Overhauled the Milestones visuals. No longer stack when showing but are put in a queue to display every 5 seconds if more than one.
    3. Updated most of the Milestone's requirements. Added more.
    4. Added Milestones for Dangerous Enemies killed.
    5. New Portraits
    6. New fitting boarders
    7. Updated logo
    8. NEW Category! Achievements!
    9. Lots of code fixes and updates.
    10. Ready for Official Hardcore Servers.

Version 1.0.1
    1. Version update to reflect new Classic update to version 1.14.4.  No other changes. 

Version 1.0.2
    1. New Rank/Leveling system added.
    2. New UI.  It is so beautiful!  
    3. Lots and lots of coding updates, bug fixes.

Version 1.0.3
    1. Fixed bug for getting Rogue class icon.
    2. Fixed a bug not displaying the rank image when the new rank message was shown.
    3. Removed PNG files from the \Media\Portraits\Default directory to lower download size.  

Version 1.0.4
    1. Fixed the image for Silver Rank 4 image.
    2. Changed Scoring text color.  No longer Red.
    3. Reaching levels 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, and Ranks Bronze - Legendary now shows in guild chat.

Version 1.0.5
    1. Fixed for showing Rank message in Guild chat when logging in.
    2. Added comma's to the Main Score Points total.

Version 1.0.6
    1. Character color names, class icons, and profession points now show correctly for non-English languages.
    2. Updated Portrait and border images.. again.
    3. Updated Guild chat message to be more personal.
    4. Fixed the location of the Achievement message so it is NOT at the top of the screen.

Version 1.0.7
    1. Fixed professions not being calculated for non English languages.  Added support to fix this for German, French, Spanish and Portuguese.

Version 1.0.8
    1. Fixed where Achievements appear on the screen when using UI Scaling.  It should no longer cover your character.
    2. Milestone / Leveling messages have a darker background and a new font to keep consistant with the rest of the addon.
    3. HCS Details will now show above the main score if the details will be off the screen.
    4. There is a sound when a Milestone is reached.
    5. All Hardcore Score frames now have the same border (Points Log and Character Summary)

Version 1.0.9
    1. Achievement points were not included in the Hardcore Score.  Fixed.
    2. New file sound when reaching a Milestone.
    3. Removed Lockpicking from Professions calculations.
    4. Overhauled the calculations for killing mobs.  It should be about 25% more.
    5. Added tracking XP earned for killing mob types.  Important for re-calculation current score based on changed modifiers
    6. Added a mobs-killed data map.  This is a new data category (not a score category).  It stores a table with 4 fields.  Difficulty, Kills, XP,  Score.  This will allow us to see how many kills, XP earned and score earned for each difficulty level.
    7. Added Release property.  When a character is created it is marked which release it was created in.  

Version 1.0.10
    1. You can now lock/unlock the Main Score frame by right-clicking on the frame.
    2. Add an option to disable all the HCS sounds.

Version 1.1.0
    1. New Scoreboard/Leaderboard (for guilds only)
    2. New Character Journey information
    3. New view of Milestones
    4. New view of Achievements
    5. Level 60 bug fixes
    6. Overall just tons and tons of updates to the code.
    7. Ability to reset leaderboard by using /hcsresetl
    8. Updated for version 1.1.5 of Classic Era 
    9. Updated for version 3.4.3 of Classic Era (WOTLK)

Version 1.1.1
    Changes to XP amounts when you reach level 25 in Season of Discovery to get points.  Before none was given.  
        1. Level 25 Classic - Season of Discovery now gives XP for mob kills when level 25.  XP is a random number between 10-75.
        2. Level 25 Classic - Season of Discovery now gives XP for quests when level 25.  XP is a random number between 50-150.
        3. Level 25 Classic - Season of Discovery now gives XP for discoveries when level 25.  XP is a random number between 10-50.

Version 1.1.2
    1. Fixed detecting AU servers for Season of Discovery
    2. Reduced the number of leaderboard updates sent when logging in from 100 to 10.

Version 1.1.3
    1. Update to Detecting SOD relams
    2. Misc code updates

Version 1.1.4
    1. Runes! Runes! Runes!  Season of Discovery now tracks your runes and gives you a score for them.
    2. Runes Achievements and Milestones added.  Collect them all!
    3. Updated professions to include Inscriptions and Jewcrafting scores in WotLK. Opps, missed that one.
    4. Fixed a bug when turning in a quest, sometimes the quest level was not detected and not giving a score. 

Version 1.1.5
    1. Quests reward points for each level instead of a range.  Thus, the earlier you turn in your quest the more points you get. Overall, this leads to more Quest points.

Version 1.1.6
1. Added support for Season of Discovery phase 2 (1.15.1).
2. NEW Runes along with new Achievements.
3. NEW name of addon. Addon is now Classic Score and is no longer named Hardcore Score. This is because the add-on supports all versions of Classic.    

Version 1.1.7
1. Updated for Season of Discovery phase 2 (1.15.2) NEW Runes!